Chuu: The concept is twin!
Chuu: Right?
Go Won: Yes!
Chuu: Yeah~ right!
Chuu: I hope the pictures will come out well!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Go Won - One&Only"
(They look beautiful as well as she hoped)
(Aren’t you curious about what other girls are doing while they’re working?)
Yves: It’s broken…
Yves: It worked until just now though.
Yves: Anyway, the camera is broken!
Yves: But did you know
*'그런데 말입니다 (But did you know)' is a famous line from a Korean tv show '그것이 알고 싶다(Uncovering the Truth)'
Yves: But did you know...
Yves: But did you know......
(Stop it…)
Yves: But did you know.........
Yves: Let me show you a photo we took a little while ago.
JinSoul: It's cute~
JinSoul: It looks like a kindergarten yearbook photo, right?
Yves: It’s so cute~
JinSoul: But our manager said like this after watch it.
Yves: Hey, a cute concept doesn’t suit you ladies~
Yves: Ladies? Serious?
JinSoul: Yes, he said so~
Yves: Where is him?
JinSoul: He’s right here, next to you~!